c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\bin\Debug\Program.exe.config
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\bin\Debug\Program.exe
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\bin\Debug\Program.pdb
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.g.resources
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.exe
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.pdb
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Admin.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Admin.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\JournalMan.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\JournalMan.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddOffice.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddPost.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddWorker.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelOffice.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelPost.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelWorker.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\HR.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Storekeeper.g.cs
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddOffice.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddPost.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddWorker.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelOffice.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelPost.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelWorker.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\HR.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Storekeeper.baml
c:\users\computer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\JournalManWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddOfficeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddPostWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AddWorkerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AdminWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelOfficeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelPostWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\DelWorkerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\HRWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Computer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Program\Program\obj\Debug\StorekeeperWindow.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AdminWindow.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\CompletedWorkManWindow.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\HRWindow.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\JournalManWindow.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\StorekeeperWindow.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.exe
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.pdb
E:\Влад\Program\Program\bin\Debug\Program.exe.config
E:\Влад\Program\Program\bin\Debug\Program.exe
E:\Влад\Program\Program\bin\Debug\Program.pdb
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\AdminWindow.baml
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\CompletedWorkManWindow.baml
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\HRWindow.baml
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\JournalManWindow.baml
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\StorekeeperWindow.baml
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.g.resources
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Влад\Program\Program\obj\Debug\Program.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
